1.SignUp and Login api created which is calling db function - done
2. SignUP API integration - done
3. LOGIN API integration - done
4. Redirect to home page after login success (pending)
   -> dont show login/signup tab In nav bar after login in home page

5. Donate API create and connect to db to insert data (done)
    -> fill form and click on submit button should update in donate databse (pending)
6. getdonateAPI -> show who donated (from which city) and quantity (done)

7. Request API create and connect to db to insert data
  -> after submit request form  show list of the requester and show status "pending";
8. getRequsetdata api -> show request list (city and quantity) and feedback from requester 

//admin functionality
9. create Admin tab in navbar which will show only when username ="admin" login
 
getApi for all
  -> admin tab has 3 tables
   1st table : Donate table
   2nd table ; Requester table
   3rd table: Volunteer table
	
10. volunteer functionality: send otp via gmail/phone nu to requester which has requested for food, if deliverd then set status approved in requestr list. 
(verification logic can be QR code / OTP )


apis 
1.sign up api (post) -done 
2.login api (post) - done 
3. donate api (post) - done 
4. request api (post) - done 
5. volunteer api (post) - {How to store images in database?} - done
6. getDonateData api (get) - done 


apis left
7.getRequestData api (get) - create dropdown for status column "pending", "approve"
8. get Volunteer api (get) 


New tasks
1. Home page -> If user is not logged in so while pressing on Donate, request , join button show pop up -please login or signup
2.Correct the alignment of past donation table - DOnate page' = main
3. login succes - redirect to home page  = main
4. if not logged in then disable the submit button and show alert that please login
5. Show no of volunteers on Volunteer page whose status is approved( add status key in volunteer table, initially deafult value is pending which will be set approve or rejected by admin)
6. Contact us - mail setup